---
layout: page
title: About AJ
date: 2014-06-09 09:46
author: ajabotomey
comments: true
categories: []
---
<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>My name is Andrew Abotomey, also known as AJ. I am an aspiring game programmer with skills primarily as a programmer. These skills are not limited to Graphics, Gameplay, AI and Tools Programming.  I was an academic tutor at Griffith University primarily teaching multimedia courses with a primary focus on Games Development with the Unity Game Engine.</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>I am currently studying a Graduate Diploma in Management (Learning) with the Academy of Interactive Entertainment's Sydney Campus with the option of learning online because I live in another state.</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>I finished my Advanced Diploma in Professional Game Development with the Academy of Interactive Entertainment's Online Campus specialising in Game Programming back in 2017.</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>I finished my Bachelor of Information Technology with Honours from Griffith University in 2015 after completing my thesis testing the feasibility of WiFi localization using RSSI data measured both indoors and outdoors by looking at the maximum distance error from the regression method and the Margin of Error (MoE) given by the Confidence Interval.</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>I graduated from Griffith University in December 2014&nbsp;with a Double Bachelor Degree in Information Technology&nbsp;and Multimedia. &nbsp;My majors are in Computing and Intelligent Systems (I.T.) and Interactive Entertainment and Game Programming (Multimedia).</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>Core subjects that have been successfully completed as a part of my double degree include:</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>- Introduction to Programming<br>
- Interactive Application Development<br>
- Introduction to Multimedia<br>
- Foundations of Computer Systems<br>
- Introduction to Information Systems<br>
- Object Oriented Programming<br>
- Introduction to Music Programming and Production<br>
- Time Based Video<br>
- Systems Analysis and Design<br>
- Web Design and Development<br>
- Database Design<br>
- Digital Visualisation<br>
- Dynamic Multimedia Systems<br>
- Computer Systems and Networks<br>
- Project Management<br>
- Web Programming<br>
- Educational Design for Multimedia<br>
- Professional Practice Portfolio<br>
- User Interface Design<br>
- Professional Issues in I.T.<br>
- Industry Project</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>Computing and Intelligent Systems electives completed include:</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>- Data Structures and Algorithms<br>
- Discrete Mathematics<br>
- Principles of Intelligent Systems<br>
- Database Systems and Administration<br>
- Computer Networks and Security</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>Interactive Entertainment and Game Programming electives completed include:</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>- Data Structures and Algorithms<br>
- Discrete Mathematics<br>
- Modelling and Animation Techniques<br>
- Graphics Programming<br>
- 3D Game Development</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>Alternate electives completed include:</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>- Introduction to Game Design<br>
- Management Concepts</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->
